### Main concepts
- **Call option:** gives the right to decide to buy at a later date.
- **Put option:** gives the right to decide to sell at a later date.
- **Premium:** is the amount of money that the seller gets to keep regardless of the final decision of the buyer.
- **Open interest:** the number of contracts traded on an exchange that have not yet been closed out.
- **Notional Value**: theoretical value of a contract, takes the amount of units and multiplies them by the price unit (or points multiplied by point value on index). It measures the size of the position and the risk.
  *Ejemplo:* 1,000 barriles × USD 75 = USD 75,000.
- **Point Value**: Amount of money that represents 1 point of the asset or subjacent index. It is set by a stock exchange to define a notional value reasonable for trading.
  *Ejemplo:* Índice en 825 pts × USD 200/pto = USD 165,000 (notional value).
- **Margin:** money collected by the exchange to ensure that a trader can fulfill future finan cial obligations should the market move against him. Even though deposited with the exchange, margin deposits still belong to the trader and can therefore earn interest for the trader.
- **Variation:** credit or debit that results from fluctuations in the price of a futures contract. A variation payment can either earn interest, if the variation results in a credit, or lose interest, if the variation results in a debit.

### Key Notes
- Futures, options and forwards are all commonly referred to as *derivatives*.
- 